<h1 style="align-self: center">TheFish's Portfolio</h1>

## About me
Hello ! I am TheFish, aka dede2901, and I'm a programmer with 3 years of experience. I'm specialized in Lua, Python and I am decent with JavaScript. I also know a few more languages such as HTML, CSS... </br>
I learn pretty fast and I am very curious about how things work. I almost never give up, I am quite stubborn, I always try to solve issues even if I have to spend 5 hours on them. </br>
Futhermore, I take programming as a passion, I would love to make this discipline my job in the future.

## My story
After learning the basics of Lua, I started to look at free models because I felt like I couldn't do anything interesting with the knowledge I got at this point. I understood quite useful things about this language and I began to modify these models. Then, I wanted to make my own models wich were pretty basic like doors, lights... doors... I made quite a lot of doors actually. They were not optimized at all and I noticed it. So I watched a few tutorials, read documentations and I finally came to a simple working door made with about 20 lines of code. Now it can be done even simpler but hey, I was at my second week of programming. Then, going from basic ideas, I started making more customized models. Starting from doors, I made blast doors, lockdown systems and gates. I added sounds, GUIs and a few other things to make them even better. I also started to make alarm systems and basement lighting systems from the basic lights I made 1 week before. I was really having fun, it's like everything, at the beginning of a process, it's always funnier. However... I started to stagnate and I was having school exams. About 1 year later, I got back on roblox studio and I resumed my programming sessions. I made a few GUIs, not looking good at all but they were working well. I made a credit system with paychecks, an xp system with levels and I learnt how to use databases. And I finally got hired in small SCPF groups wich were owned by friends of mine and I got a way better in both knowledge and experience. I made more doors but this time, they were all part of a system handled by a main script. I discovered the power of module scripts and reworked some of my old projects. I also reworked a gun system and almost made it work, I mean it was kind of working but wasn't matching with what you would expect in an SCPF. </br>
I started programming in Python at school and since I already knew how to code, I learnt Python pretty fast and became my teacher's favourite student, lol. I recently learnt OOP in Python and discovered it was also a thing in Lua. I didn't use it a lot yet but I can surely adapt a bunch of projects with it. 

## Why should I be hired ?
I am a fast-learning programmer always seeking to learn more. I think that accessing the developer's position in your group would allow me to gain a lot of experience, get better at team work and also 
